README.md, before:

## Whats'up guys

I am excited to share the new design concept for the Healthcare Landing Page Website called Pharmadi. Scroll down for more! 😉

## The Purposes :

Our healthcare website aims to provide a comprehensive online platform that serves as a valuable resource for individuals seeking reliable healthcare information, connecting them with healthcare providers, and facilitating easy access to essential healthcare services.

## The Problem :

Many individuals face challenges in accessing accurate and trustworthy healthcare information online, finding suitable healthcare providers, and managing their healthcare needs efficiently. The fragmented nature of healthcare systems and the abundance of unreliable information sources often lead to confusion and uncertainty among individuals.

## The Solutions :

Our healthcare website addresses these challenges by offering a user-friendly interface that provides accurate and up-to-date healthcare information, including articles, blogs, and resources on various medical conditions, treatments, and preventive care. The website also features a search function that allows users to find and connect with healthcare providers based on their location, specialties, and patient reviews. Additionally, the website provides online appointment booking capabilities, enabling users to easily schedule appointments with healthcare professionals and manage their healthcare needs conveniently. By offering these solutions, our healthcare website aims to empower individuals to make informed healthcare decisions, improve access to quality healthcare services, and enhance overall patient experience.

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

<!-- npx create-next-app@latest --typescript ./ -->

Commit message:

add link of web site

README.md, after:

## Whats'up guys

My name is IGUIDER Amine i'm a full-stack developer

I am excited to share the new design concept for the Healthcare Landing Page Website called Pharmadi. Scroll down for more! 😉

## The Purposes :

Our healthcare website aims to provide a comprehensive online platform that serves as a valuable resource for individuals seeking reliable healthcare information, connecting them with healthcare providers, and facilitating easy access to essential healthcare services.

## The Problem :

Many individuals face challenges in accessing accurate and trustworthy healthcare information online, finding suitable healthcare providers, and managing their healthcare needs efficiently. The fragmented nature of healthcare systems and the abundance of unreliable information sources often lead to confusion and uncertainty among individuals.

## The Solutions :

Our healthcare website addresses these challenges by offering a user-friendly interface that provides accurate and up-to-date healthcare information, including articles, blogs, and resources on various medical conditions, treatments, and preventive care. The website also features a search function that allows users to find and connect with healthcare providers based on their location, specialties, and patient reviews. Additionally, the website provides online appointment booking capabilities, enabling users to easily schedule appointments with healthcare professionals and manage their healthcare needs conveniently. By offering these solutions, our healthcare website aims to empower individuals to make informed healthcare decisions, improve access to quality healthcare services, and enhance overall patient experience.

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## link of web site on Vercel

https://healthcare-website-sand.vercel.app/

<!-- npx create-next-app@latest --typescript ./ -->
